docs: add API-using examples to module and layout guides (#5110)
directus/directus: docs/guides/layouts.md

- `filters` (sync) - The user's currently active filters.
- `search-query` (sync) - The user's current search query.

#### Accessing the API from within your extension
The Directus App's Vue app instance provides a field called `system`, which can be injected into Vue components 

> using [Vue's inject framework](https://v3.vuejs.org/guide/component-provide-inject.html). This `system` field contains functions to access Vuex stores, and more importantly, contains a property called `api`, which is an authenticated Axios instance. Here's an example of how to use it: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using [Vue's inject framework](https://v3.vuejs.org/guide/component-provide-inject.html). This `system` field contains functions to access [Pinia](https://pinia.esm.dev) stores, and more importantly, contains a property called `api`, which is an authenticated Axios instance. Here's an example of how to use it: 
```

```vue

> <template>
> 	<div>Collection: {{ collection }}</div>
> 	<v-list>
>     <v-list-item v-for="item in items" v-bind:key="item.id">{{item}}</v-list-item>
>   </v-list>
>   <v-button v-on:click="logToConsole">CLog items to console</v-button>
> </template>
> 
> <script>
> export default {
> 	data () {
> 		return {
> 			items: null
> 		}
> 	},
>   methods: {
>     logToConsole: function () {
>       console.log(this.items)
>     }
>   },
>   inject: ['system'],
>   mounted() {
>     // log the system field so you can see what attributes are available under it
>     // remove this line when you're done.
>     console.log(this.system)
> 
>     // Get a list of all available collections to use with this module
>     this.system.api.get(`/items/${this.collection}`)
>       .then((res) => {this.items = res});
>   }
> }
> </script>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<template>
  <div>
    <div>Collection: {{ collection }}</div>
    <v-list>
      <v-list-item v-for="item in items" v-bind:key="item.id">
        {{item}}
      </v-list-item>
    </v-list>
    <v-button v-on:click="logToConsole">CLog items to console</v-button>
  </div>
</template>
<script>
  export default {
    data() {
      return {
        items: null,
      };
    },
    methods: {
      logToConsole: function () {
        console.log(this.items);
      },
    },
    inject: ["system"],
    mounted() {
      // log the system field so you can see what attributes are available under it
      // remove this line when you're done.
      console.log(this.system);
      // Get a list of all available collections to use with this module
      this.system.api.get(`/items/${this.collection}`).then((res) => {
        this.items = res;
      });
    },
  };
</script>
```
